How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    In every way, it is easier to find the problems that you might have caused

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Because it shows you what you have done and if you change something but then
    want it back you can check it

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: That you have control of your proyect and you choose when to do everything.
    Cons: That you might forget when to save the project.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because Google Docs is meant to be used for the creation of a single file at a time,
    while when programming you have to manage multiple files at the same time

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    By inserting them on the command line and letting them check my files

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    By comparing the versions that I have and being more certain about the changes that I
    have made

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    My projects

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?
	
	By showing me how it has change over the time and letting me know what worked
	in the past, that is not working now

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like
you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
	
	Pros: You have all the control over your project.
	Cons: You might forget when to do the commit.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one
commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	
	Because it is easier to have control over them and it is better when programming

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	By using them I can see all the versions that I have made and I can compare each to
	know what changes I have made so far.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break 
something?
	
	Because you can check if the program was working in the past and make the changes
	that you consider are the ones that are breaking the code.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	
	My projects